FormatX respects and protects the privacy of all users of our services, and if someone decides to use our services, this page is used to inform visitors of our policies and consent to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve our services. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from within FormatX.
What user data does FormatX collect: - FormatX integrates with the Flurry SDK for data analytics and crash feedback to further improve the product, which records the number of times the app is used, the length of use, and crash logs. In addition, we do not collect any other data from users, nor do we introduce other third-party SDKs to submit or collect user information.
- [Device Sensitive Permissions] Album Permissions: FormatX may request album permissions in order to select media when you select it from an album. Camera Permissions: FormatX may request camera permissions to capture video or photos for media processing when you use the camera. All of the above permissions are optional.
- [Security] We value the trust you place in us to provide your personal information, so we are working hard to protect your personal information using commercially acceptable methods. Please note, however, that no method of transmission or electronic storage on the Internet is 100% secure or reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute safety.
- [Children's Privacy] The Services are not directed to anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
- [Changes to this Privacy Policy] We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Therefore, we encourage you to periodically check this page for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes will be effective immediately upon posting on this page.
- [Contact Us] If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at formatx-app@outlook.com.
